= Gutenberg

Gutenberg is an ultra-lightweight bit of blogging software based
on Merb. I'm planning on replacing Typo with it to power my blog
(http://kurt.karmalab.org).

It's also a good example of a simple Merb application to learn from.
It uses frozen gems so you should be able to check out how Merb works without
installing any gems to your system gems directory.

The plan is make something as fast and as lean as possible.

== Installation

* Set your Disqus id in the config/init.rb file.
* Make sure you have thor installed ('sudo gem install thor').
* Run 'thor merb:gem:redeploy' in the root directory to install the gems locally.
* Set things up in database.yml and create the database to store your data in.
* Run './bin/rake db:autoupgrade' from the install directory to set up the database tables.
* Convert your old typo database over using 'ruby db/converters/typo.rb --db TYPO_DB_NAME'
* Run the app with './bin/merb'

== Specs and Features

Gutenberg is tested with Rspec and Cucumber.

Run the specs with "./bin/rake"

Run the Cucumber features with "./bin/rake features"

== Currently Implemented Features

* Posts
* Markdown
* Disqus comments
* Typo import

== Todo for v0.1

* Old comment import into Disqus
* Ability to authenticate and actually write a new post (kind of important...)
* RSS Feeds
* Proper URL redirection from the old Typo URLs

== License

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008 Kurt Schrader

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
